                                                           GYM FINDER REPORT 
According to World Health Organisation (WHO) Exercise is a gateway of living good healthier life and we believe that building a fitness app for people without a gym finder map is like building a house without laying the foundation because you need to give your users a chance to interact with your app and creating a gym finder is the best of doing that, and designing a fitness app for people to use is a good ideal and is one of the most popular apps online.
We have been researching about fitness app online by checking other people app to see how they designed their app. Our purpose of this research is to improve and make our own app better for people to use, at the end of our research we found out that none of the fitness app has a gym finder map inside their app where users can search nearby gym around them so we decided to build one for our users.
About GYM Finders
 Gym finder is a Google search map that we build for our users so that they can use it to search nearby gym around them at any time. It also gives them the details of each gym when they click the maker inside the map box and  it will show them a bit information about each gym: such as the name of the gym, address, telephone number and rating levels for example some gyms are rates five or four stars while some are rates two or three stars.
Implementation of the Map
We used Java Script, HTML and CSS programming languages to build up this our interactive gym finder. It took us a while to implement and make this map work perfectly but at the end of the day we managed to make it work smoothly without any error on it. Inside the map we created two tables one to load the map and the other one to display the result. We experience some difficulties during the designing process for example we don’t know how to make the map find only gym in United Kingdom, secondly how to display the result in another table and finally how to add maker and display information when user click on it. However we managed to fixed all these issues because we spend a lot of time  fixing it because we to make sure that the map works smoothly without any problem when the user is interacting with it. 
We are trying to create a container so that the whole map canvas and list table will appear inside the container box and we hope our users will enjoy all this benefit from our app.     

