                         REPORT ON WHY OUR APP IS BETTER THAN OTHER FITNESS APP
We have been researching on why our fitness app is better than other fitness app and we found out that our app design is outstanding and awesome compare to other fitness app such as: designing layout, format, and implementations and so on.  We will start from design first because this is where some users are interested in, for example if you have good well design prototype many users will like to use your app because they find interested and attractive. Before we start designing our app we made lot of research and survey about it and it took us two to three weeks to find a good designed layout for our app. The reason why it took us this time is because we want our app to be the best fitness app in online; we could have designed any prototype without making any research or survey and use it like that which many users won’t like to use.
 The feedback from the survey we did really helped us a lot during our designing session for example some people suggested to us that we should add drop down box in all our pages so that it will be easier for them to navigate through one page without going back to another page or refreshing the previous page. Others suggested that we should   add goal tracker and gym schedules so that they can be able to track and monitor their progress when they are in gym.
The gym map finder, goal tracker and gym schedules are three main differences that makes our fitness app look more outstanding 
Layout
We used a simple, dynamic and attractive layout to design our app, the reason why we make it simple is because we want our users to find it easier to use without difficulties or hassle. For example we put all the pages in a drop box so that the front page of the app will look nice and smart which will attract or capture human eye visual and also to allow our users to experience drop down features. 
Format 
The format we used to designed this mobile fitness app is very simple and easy to read and understand for example we used bold, italic, and large front theme, we choose this theme because we want our users to enjoy using our app without complaint that they can’t see or read any note on each page of our app. We also used nice and good colours to designed this interactive fitness app. For instance we used blue for the header, black for the characters and white background, these colour are very vibrant in human eye which make it easier for people with visual impairment to read any note on it.
Implementation
Java, Java Script, PHP, HTML, and CSS are the programming languages we used to build our app; we used HTML to build the webpage and CSS to stylish it, Java Script to implement the map and BMI page then PHP for login page.   
Gym schedules
We found out that most fitness app don’t have a gym schedules where users can schedule their plan for daily use and our app is one of the fitness app that have that. For example the user can decide what days he or she will like to do a particular exercise in their own convince time, by doing this you are setting up a golden goal for yourself either to build up your muscular body or to get fit.
Goal Tracker
Goal tracker is one of our features we add our fitness app. Goal tracker is where users can set up a yearly or monthly target. For example if I want to develop a muscular body It will take me properly six to one year to develop that because it is not an easy task to do in a blink of eye. For me to achieve this I need to spend a lot time in gym and with goal tracker feature you can set up and track your progress as you work through your schedule.    	 
We also found out that one good thing about out app is that most fitness app online don’t have map to search for nearby gym for their users so we decided to build for our users so that they can be able to search nearby gym around them. We believe that the map implemented will attract more users to download and use our fitness app which is our aim of building this mobile fitness app. 

Fitness pal is a body exercise program with good and organised detailed. This mobile fitness app will allow you to achieve your goals in the best way. 
This fitness app features excellent descriptions with videos, images and illustrations this will make you to enjoy your workout in more efficient  and easy way when  using it.

